Get me the best room
I don't have money, it's alright
This hotel is cheap
Is it uh
Today is our hotel
The annual opening reward
The two happen to be the last two visitors of the day
free for all
I will open two rooms for the second prince
Uh Premier VIP Suite
No, he's my husband.
Just get me a queen room
Husband lady is the devil saint
Never been in contact with a man
I suddenly have a husband
The whole normal is going to explode
Oh wait wait wait
Let's open two rooms
Two rooms just two rooms
But since it is a big opening reward
The room must be full.
In case there is only one room left
Ah, I'm so sorry.
We only have one queen room left now
Isn't there several controlled rooms?
Oh, those rooms have been booked, sir.
Uncle, let's go